README.md, before:

# png-optimizer
A drag-n-drop tool to losslessly compress a folder of PNGs in macOS

## Installation Instructions

1. Download [ImageOptim.app](https://imageoptim.com/ImageOptim.tbz2) and [ImageAlpha.app](https://pngmini.com/ImageAlpha1.5.1.tar.bz2) if you don't have them already and make sure to **place them in your Applications folder**.
2. If you don't already have [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) installed, open Terminal.app and install it by copy pasting the following line and pressing return. It may take a few minutes.
``` 
/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```
3. Install imageoptim CLI via the Terminal
```
brew install imageoptim-cli
```
4. Download [png-optimizer droplet](https://github.com/chrischernoff/png-optimizer/raw/master/png-optimizer.app.zip) and put it somewhere handy (I have it in the Applications folder and saved in the dock).
5. Drop a file, multiple files, or a folder containing PNGs on the droplet. All source files will be **overwritten** with the optimized ones. **Note: Currently there is a bug where if the file name or any of the folders that it is in have a space in their name, it will fail. I'm working to resolve this.**
6. When you receive a push notification telling you your images are optimized, you're good to go! While it's processing, you'll see a spinning gear in your menubar, the ImageOptim.app will also open and close on its own, this is normal.

Commit message:

Update to add support for spaces in input file or dir paths

README.md, after:

# png-optimizer
A drag-n-drop tool to losslessly compress a folder of PNGs in macOS

## Installation Instructions

1. Download [ImageOptim.app](https://imageoptim.com/ImageOptim.tbz2) and [ImageAlpha.app](https://pngmini.com/ImageAlpha1.5.1.tar.bz2) if you don't have them already and make sure to **place them in your Applications folder**.
2. If you don't already have [homebrew](https://brew.sh/) installed, open Terminal.app and install it by copy pasting the following line and pressing return. It may take a few minutes.
``` 
/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```
3. Install imageoptim CLI via the Terminal
```
brew install imageoptim-cli
```
4. Download [png-optimizer droplet](https://github.com/chrischernoff/png-optimizer/raw/master/png-optimizer.app.zip) and put it somewhere handy (I have it in the Applications folder and saved in the dock).
5. Drop a file, multiple files, a folder containing PNGs, or some combination of files and folders on the droplet. All source files will be **overwritten** with the optimized ones.
6. When you receive a push notification telling you your images are optimized, you're good to go! While it's processing, you'll see a spinning gear in your menubar, the ImageOptim.app will also open and close on its own, this is normal.

**Note: If you feed the optimizer non-PNG files it will fail. I plan to add support for JPGs in the future.**
